ref(python): Explain when to import and initialize (#1024)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/error-reporting/getting-started-config/python.md

> Import and initialize the sentry SDK early in your applications startup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import and initialize the Sentry SDK early in your application's setup:
```
